DOCSP-63440 Java 5.9.2 Release Note (#183)
10gen/docs-shared: dbx/jvm/v5.9.2-wn-items.rst

- Fixes an issue where ``ProxySettings.toString()`` included the
  SOCKS5 proxy username and password, which caused these credentials
  to appear in application logs. This issue affects driver versions
  4.11.0 through 5.9.1. To learn more, see `JAVA-6266
  <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/JAVA-6266>`__ and `CVE-2026-18710
  <https://www.cve.org/CVERecord?id=CVE-2026-18710>`__.

.. warning:: Suppress the Log Message Without Upgrading

   If you use SOCKS5 proxy authentication and can't upgrade to v5.9.2, set the
   ``org.mongodb.driver.client`` logger to ``WARN`` or higher to suppress the

>    client-construction message. MongoDB doesn't recommend this as a long-term

Reviewer: I: [recommend](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/write-to-the-user/#:~:text=imperative%20mood%20instead.-,Use%20we%20recommend,-rather%20than%20it%27s)

```suggestion
   client-construction message. We don't recommend this as a long-term
```
